How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that
was introduced?

    It made it more easy and clear by the alinement 
    changes that FC and diff -u offered. 
    Furthermore, it was faster than finding diff manually. 

How could having easy access to the entire history of a file make you a more
efficient programmer in the long term?

    It will definitely make it easier and 
    faster to find and correct bugs, 
    thereby making the programmer more efficient. 

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a
commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automatically saved, like Google
docs does?
 	Pros: it gives you a meaningfull and clear
 	way to ckeck the file history changes
 	Cons: if you are forgetfull and don't 
 	remember to save manually, you could be 
 	in a situation were it becomes dificult to 
 	find and correct bug

    

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple
files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

    Git allows saving multiple files in one commit 
    because this offers the programmer 
    the opportunity to track co-dependent files. Google Docs 
    does not offer this practical feauture and thereby 
    makes it more time consuming for the programmer to visualize 
    changes. 

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the history of files?

    Git log lists all the commits ID and git diff can compare two ID's 
    and lists all the changes in respective commit. 

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that
could break something?

    If a bug is found one has the option of checking out an earlier commit 
    to see if the bug was introduced with the commit. Using git
   checkout and git diff it is easier to find the bug and thereby gives 
   more confidence in exploring and experimenting. 

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

    Fill in your answer here