When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your work
local?

    When I wish to share my work with others, but also make it possible for other
    to modify and improve my work. Using a remote makes that easy.

Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

    You might not be interested in all the changes that others make on the remote.
    Pulling manually means you can agree with the changes before having them
    on your local repository. 

Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches.  When would you
use one instead of another?

   Fork is used to copy a repository in Github. Clone is used to copy a repository 
   from Github to your local computer. Branches are created to make experimental
   work without changing the main working branch. I would use Fork when I want to 
   make changes to an existing repository on git hub which I am not allowed to modify. 
   I would clone a repository if I wish to  work with it on my local computer. And I would 
   create branches to experiment with new code.  

What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

    When working with a code in a place without internet access it is good to have
    the most updated version. This way the work can continue offline. Another
    advantage is that your local copy is only modified when you want as oppose to the
    remote on Github.

How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub?  What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

    Share my documents using email or some cloud service. It would be less complicated 
    to share by email, but in the long run more of a mess, because it lacks the flexibility 
    that Github offers and it would take more time to share. Furthermore one would have to 
    check their mail to know about the Pull request. The commit history is even harder without
    Git. 
     

When would you want to make changes in a separate branch rather than directly in
master?  What benefits does each approach have?

    When you want to test a new idea and share it with others it's best to make the changes 
    in a separate branch so the main branch is not disrupted. In addition it's good 
    to share the separate branch with others so that they can see the changes and 
    evaluate if it's appropriate to merge the branch into the master branch. However, making a change 
    in the master branch is easier and less complicated if sharing is not esential for your work   
